1 Quiz

Select the jobs below that may use SQL in their work (select all that apply). Data Scientist, QA Engineer, Backend Developer, DBA, Data Analyst

How does a data scientist and DBA differ in how they use SQL? DBAs manage the database for other users.

Which of the following statements are true of Entity Relationship (ER) Diagrams? They usually are represented in a visual format. They show you the relationships between tables. They identify the Primary Keys They are usually a representation of a business process.

Select the query below that will retrieve all columns from the customers table. SELECT * FROM customers

Select the query that will retrieve only the Customer First Name, Last Name, and Company. SELECT FirstName ,LastName ,Company FROM customers

The ER diagram below is depicting what kind of relationship between the EMPLOYEES and CUSTOMERS tables? One-to-many

The data model depicted in the ER diagram below could be described as a _______________. Relational Model

When using the "CREATE TABLE" command and creating new columns for that table, which of the following statements is true? You must assign a data type to each column

Look at the values in the two columns below. Based on the values in each column, which column could potentially be used as a primary key? Column 1 Column 2 5 2 6 4 1 5 2 5 34 32 8 6 9 4 Column 1

In order to retrieve data from a table with SQL, every SQL statement must contain? SELECT

Module 1 Coding Questions

Question 1 For all of the questions in this quiz, we are using the Chinook database. All of the interactive code blocks have been setup to retrieve data only from this database.

Retrieve all the records from the Employees table. Select * from Employees

Question 2 Retrieve the FirstName, LastName, Birthdate, AddrRetrieve all the columns from the Tracks table, but only return 20 rows.ess, City, and State from the Employees table. SELECT FirstName, LastName, Birthdate, Address, City, State FROM Employees

Question 3 Retrieve all the columns from the Tracks table, but only return 20 rows. SELECT * FROM Tracks LIMIT 20
